Package                        Version     Location                                                              Installer
------------------------------ ----------- --------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------
absl-py                        1.4.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
anyio                          3.6.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
argon2-cffi                    21.3.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
argon2-cffi-bindings           21.2.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
arrow                          1.2.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
asttokens                      2.2.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
attrs                          22.2.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
Babel                          2.11.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
backcall                       0.2.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
beautifulsoup4                 4.11.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
bleach                         6.0.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
boltons                        23.0.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
brotlipy                       0.7.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
cachetools                     5.3.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
certifi                        2022.12.7   /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
cffi                           1.15.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
charset-normalizer             2.0.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
comm                           0.1.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
conda                          23.3.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
conda-content-trust            0.1.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
conda-package-handling         1.9.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
contourpy                      1.0.7       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
cryptography                   38.0.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
cycler                         0.11.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
debugpy                        1.6.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
decorator                      5.1.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
defusedxml                     0.7.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
executing                      1.2.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
fastjsonschema                 2.16.2      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
filelock                       3.9.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
font-roboto                    0.0.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
fonttools                      4.38.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
fqdn                           1.5.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
gmpy2                          2.1.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
google-auth                    2.16.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
google-auth-oauthlib           0.4.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
grpcio                         1.51.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
idna                           3.4         /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
ipykernel                      6.20.2      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
ipython                        8.9.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
ipython-genutils               0.2.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
ipywidgets                     8.0.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
isoduration                    20.11.0     /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jedi                           0.18.2      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
Jinja2                         3.1.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
json5                          0.9.11      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jsonpatch                      1.32        /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
jsonpointer                    2.3         /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jsonschema                     4.17.3      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyter_client                 8.0.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyter_core                   5.1.5       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyter-events                 0.6.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyter_server                 2.1.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyter_server_terminals       0.4.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyterlab                     3.5.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyterlab-language-pack-zh-CN 3.5.post4   /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyterlab-pygments            0.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyterlab_server              2.19.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
jupyterlab-widgets             3.0.5       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
kiwisolver                     1.4.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
Markdown                       3.4.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
MarkupSafe                     2.1.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
matplotlib                     3.6.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
matplotlib-inline              0.1.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
mistune                        2.0.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
mkl-fft                        1.3.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
mkl-random                     1.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
mkl-service                    2.4.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
mpmath                         1.2.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages/mpmath-1.2.1-py3.10.egg
nbclassic                      0.5.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
nbclient                       0.7.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
nbconvert                      7.2.9       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
nbformat                       5.7.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
nest-asyncio                   1.5.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
networkx                       2.8.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
notebook                       6.5.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
notebook_shim                  0.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
numpy                          1.24.3      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
nvidia-ml-py                   11.515.75   /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
nvitop                         1.0.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
oauthlib                       3.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
packaging                      23.0        /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
pandocfilters                  1.5.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
parso                          0.8.3       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pexpect                        4.8.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pickleshare                    0.7.5       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
Pillow                         9.4.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
pip                            22.3.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
platformdirs                   2.6.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pluggy                         1.0.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
prometheus-client              0.16.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
prompt-toolkit                 3.0.36      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
protobuf                       3.20.3      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
psutil                         5.9.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
ptyprocess                     0.7.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pure-eval                      0.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pyasn1                         0.4.8       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pyasn1-modules                 0.2.8       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pycosat                        0.6.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
pycparser                      2.21        /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
Pygments                       2.14.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pyOpenSSL                      22.0.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
pyparsing                      3.0.9       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pyrsistent                     0.19.3      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
PySocks                        1.7.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
python-dateutil                2.8.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
python-json-logger             2.0.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pytz                           2022.7.1    /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
PyYAML                         6.0         /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
pyzmq                          25.0.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
requests                       2.28.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
requests-oauthlib              1.3.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
rfc3339-validator              0.1.4       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
rfc3986-validator              0.1.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
rsa                            4.9         /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
ruamel.yaml                    0.17.21     /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
ruamel.yaml.clib               0.2.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
Send2Trash                     1.8.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
setuptools                     65.5.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
six                            1.16.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
sniffio                        1.3.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
soupsieve                      2.3.2.post1 /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
stack-data                     0.6.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
sympy                          1.11.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
tensorboard                    2.11.2      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
tensorboard-data-server        0.6.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
tensorboard-plugin-wit         1.8.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
termcolor                      2.1.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
terminado                      0.17.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
tinycss2                       1.2.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
tomli                          2.0.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
toolz                          0.12.0      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
torch                          2.0.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
torchaudio                     2.0.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
torchvision                    0.15.2      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
tornado                        6.2         /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
tqdm                           4.64.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
traitlets                      5.8.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
triton                         2.0.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
typing_extensions              4.5.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
uri-template                   1.2.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
urllib3                        1.26.13     /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         conda
wcwidth                        0.2.6       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
webcolors                      1.12        /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
webencodings                   0.5.1       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
websocket-client               1.5.0       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
Werkzeug                       2.2.2       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
wheel                          0.37.1      /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages
widgetsnbextension             4.0.5       /root/miniconda3/lib/python3.10/site-packages                         pip
